Neutron stars are so dense that a sugar-cube-sized amount of material from one would weigh about a billion tons on Earth.
The Amazon rainforest produces 20% of the Earth's oxygen.
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space with the naked eye, contrary to popular belief.
Your nose and ears never stop growing.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
The first computer virus was created in 1983 and was called the "Elk Cloner."
Canada has the longest coastline of any country in the world.
Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil. Archaeologists have found pots of honey in ancient Egyptian tombs that are over 3,000 years old and still edible.
A single bolt of lightning contains enough energy to cook 100,000 pieces of toast.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. It was the fashion in Renaissance Florence to shave them off.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
A cockroach can live for weeks without its head. It only dies because it cannot drink water.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
The Olympic Games were originally a religious festival in honor of Zeus, held in Olympia, Greece.
Beethoven continued to compose music even after he went completely deaf.
The world's first paper money was created in China 1,400 years ago.
The only letter that doesn't appear on the periodic table is 'J'.
The longest novel ever written is "In Search of Lost Time" by Marcel Proust, which contains an estimated 1.2 million words.
The placebo effect is a phenomenon in which patients feel better after receiving a treatment that has no therapeutic effect.
The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during hot days when the iron expands.
Laughter has been shown to reduce pain and even heal wounds.
Bamboo can grow up to 91 cm (35 inches) in a single day.
A single hurricane can release more energy than 10,000 nuclear bombs.
The human body contains enough fat to make seven bars of soap.
Dolphins have names for each other and can call out for each other specifically.
The Earth’s inner core is as hot as the surface of the sun, about 5,400°C (9,752°F).
Jellyfish have been around for more than 500 million years, making them older than dinosaurs.
70% of the oxygen we breathe is produced by marine plants, specifically phytoplankton.
There are about 7,000 languages spoken in the world today, but approximately one language dies every two weeks.
The first email was sent by Ray Tomlinson to himself in 1971.
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all the Earth's beaches.
Apples are more effective at waking you up in the morning than coffee due to their high levels of natural sugars and vitamins.
Cleopatra lived closer in time to the moon landing than to the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
People are more creative in the shower due to increased dopamine flow.
If you could fold a piece of paper 42 times, it would reach the moon.
Iceland has no standing army and is one of the most peaceful countries in the world.
One day on the planet Mercury is equivalent to 59 days on Earth.
Helium was first discovered in the sun's spectrum before it was found on Earth.
The first programmable computer was invented by Charles Babbage in the 1830s.
Antarctica is the driest, windiest, and coldest continent on Earth.
A blue whale's tongue weighs as much as an elephant.