There are more vacant houses than homeless people in the United States.
The human body can continue to move for a few minutes after decapitation.
Rats laugh when tickled, but their laughter is ultrasonic and can't be heard by humans.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
Praying mantises can turn their heads 180 degrees to look over their shoulders.
Your brain can play tricks on you to make you see monsters in the mirror, a phenomenon known as "strange-face-in-the-mirror" illusion.
More than 7,000 people die annually due to the doctor's bad handwriting.
The smell of freshly cut grass is actually a plant distress call.
In ancient times, doctors used spider webs to make bandages for wounds.
If you die in your house and no one finds you, your pets might start eating you out of hunger.
The tarantula hawk is a wasp that hunts tarantulas. Its sting is considered one of the most painful insect stings in the world.
Human eyes can see a faint glow when exposed to intense radiation, such as in a nuclear reactor.
Some tumors can grow hair, teeth, bones, and even complex organs.
Cockroaches can live for weeks without their heads before dying of starvation.
There are tiny mites that live on your eyelashes.
The catacombs of Paris hold the remains of over six million people.
The average mattress doubles in weight over 10 years due to accumulation of dust mites and their waste.
There are lakes in Africa that can suddenly explode and release deadly gas clouds.
Serial killer Ted Bundy once worked at a suicide hotline.
Around 50% of the human DNA sequence is shared with bananas.
There are zombie ants that are controlled by a parasitic fungus, which forces them to spread the infection.
The last meal of a condemned prisoner is often laced with poison to ensure they die.
The "Devil’s Kettle" waterfall in Minnesota swallows half the river and no one knows where the water goes.
A body decomposing in water will eventually become a "floater" due to gas buildup.
Some fish have transparent heads so they can see upwards through their skulls.
The shadow people phenomenon is a common hallucination experienced by people suffering from sleep paralysis.
The Voynich Manuscript is a medieval text written in an unknown language that no one has been able to decipher.
A jellyfish's tentacles can still sting even after they've been detached from its body.
There's a rare disease called Cotard's Syndrome where sufferers believe they are dead or don't exist.