Bananas are berries, but strawberries aren’t.
Honey never spoils; archaeologists have found pots of it in ancient Egyptian tombs.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
A flock of crows is known as a "murder."
The average person spends six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins can.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated from them.
You can't hum while holding your nose closed.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
A sneeze travels about 100 miles per hour.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
There are more fake flamingos in the world than real ones.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a "Spaghetto."
Most people can't tickle themselves.
The inventor of the Frisbee was turned into a Frisbee after he died.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
Cats have fewer toes on their back paws.
Human teeth are the only part of the body that can't heal themselves.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep to keep from drifting apart.
A baby spider is called a spiderling.
The longest English word is 189,819 letters long.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time. It means 1/100th of a second.
Blue whales' hearts are so big that a human can swim through the arteries.
The average person walks the equivalent of five times around the world in their lifetime.
Snails can sleep for three years.
The shortest commercial flight in the world is less than two minutes long.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
Some cats are allergic to people.
"E" is the most common letter and appears in 11% of all English words.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Bees sometimes sting other bees.
A cow-bison hybrid is called a "beefalo."
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all the world's beaches.
A group of hedgehogs is called a "prickle."
The dot over a lowercase "i" or "j" is known as a "tittle."
The longest hiccuping spree lasted 68 years.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
Pigs can't look up into the sky.
The shortest scheduled airline flight is only 1.7 miles long.
Starfish don't have brains.
"J" is the only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table.
A group of porcupines is called a "prickle."
The chicken and the ostrich are the closest living relatives of the Tyrannosaurus rex.
The inventor of the Pringles can is now buried in one.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
There are more chickens in the world than people.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A group of rabbits is known as a "fluffle."
The total weight of all ants on Earth is greater than the total weight of all humans.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Fleas can jump 350 times their body length.
An elephant's trunk has over 40,000 muscles.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
A rhinoceros's horn is made of hair.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The inventor of the light bulb, Thomas Edison, was afraid of the dark.
A snail can sleep for three years.
Crocodiles cannot stick their tongue out.
Apples are more effective at waking you up in the morning than coffee.
A group of frogs is called an "army."
Octopuses have three hearts.
The shortest complete sentence in the English language is "I am."
A group of owls is called a "parliament."
Some fish cough.
Slugs have four noses.
Kangaroos can't walk backward.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds, while dogs have about 10.
A blue whale's tongue weighs as much as an adult elephant.
A hummingbird's heart beats over 1,000 times per minute.
The name for the shape of Pringles is called a "Hyperbolic Paraboloid."
The lifespan of a dragonfly is just 24 hours.
A crocodile can't move its tongue.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
A giraffe's tongue is blue.
The lifespan of a taste bud is about 10 to 14 days.
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time.
The dot over an "i" or "j" is called a "tittle."
A group of toads is called a "knot."
A flea can jump 350 times its body length.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
"Typewriter" is the longest word that can be made using the letters on only one row of the keyboard.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
"Go," is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Snakes can help predict earthquakes.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
The world's termites outweigh humans 10 to 1.
The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days.
The shortest war in history lasted for only 38 minutes.